hello ladies and gentlemen uh this is
Sean from SK nation and I've been
talking to my friends lately and still
some of them do not know how to create
plan or a clan tag in Call of Duty
ghosts so today I'm going to show you um
I don't know if this in your videos or
on YouTube or anything but I'm still
gonna you know just so that's the sides
just going to make this video but um
yeah okay first off you're going to go
to go to create a on just a tag a clan
tag that you'll see like beside your
name you go you're going to go to create
a soldier and go to whatever whatever
whatever I can't think of a name squad
members but whatever squad you remember
you have and then I'm going to go press
X to kiss customized ah I couldn't say
that X to customize and then you're
going to go down to clan tag
I guess people just didn't see customize
or whatever
go to customize and go down to clan tag
and you press custom clan tag and type
in whatever clan tag you won in and then
you know press Start for done and then
you got all this stuff to also and then
people also want to highlight make a
clan clan and some people say they don't
like he won't let them
that's because let me get go to it will
free you go to barracks and barracks and
then you see craigclan but then it says
lock clan bites no it it says clan wars
will greatly and participate clan table
as you go to
you have to download this app with call
of duty this app on your phone or
whatever if you bought the game on this
card or whatever you shouldn't this
would be like this should be a bar code
you can scan so yeah that's how you
create a clan clan and uh or that's how
you gonna scrape playing name to create
clan tag to put it beside your name
whatever so uh Shaun from SK nation